Proofreading fixes 0x05b-Basic-Security_Testing.md (#2293)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: Document/0x05b-Basic-Security_Testing.md

Commercial emulators:

- [Genymotion](https://www.genymotion.com/download/ "Genymotion") - Mature emulator with many features, both as local and cloud-based solution. Free version available for non-commercial use.
- [Corellium](https://corellium.com/ "Corellium") - Offers custom device virtualization through a cloud-based or on-prem solution.

Although there exist several free Android emulators, we recommend using AVD as it provides enhanced features appropriate for testing your app compared to the others. In the remainder of this guide, we will use the official AVD to perform tests.

> AVD supports some hardware emulation, such as [GPS](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator-commandline.html "GPS Emulation"), [SMS](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator-commandline.html "SMS") and [motion sensors](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/sensors/sensors_overview#test-with-the-android-emulator "Testing motion sensors on emulators").

Reviewer: I tried to find a link mentioning GPS and SMS, what do you think of this suggestion?

```suggestion
AVD supports some hardware emulation, such as GPS or SMS through its so-called [Extended Controls](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/advanced-emulator-usage#extended "Extended Controls") as well as [motion sensors](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/sensors/sensors_overview#test-with-the-android-emulator "Testing motion sensors on emulators").
```

##### Rooting with Magisk

Magisk ("Magic Mask") is one way to root your Android device. Its specialty lies in the way the modifications on the system are performed. While other rooting tools alter the actual data on the system partition, Magisk does not (which is called "systemless"). This enables a way to hide the modifications from root-sensitive applications (e.g. for banking or games) and allows using the official Android OTA upgrades without the need to unroot the device beforehand.

You can get familiar with Magisk reading the official [documentation on GitHub](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Magisk/ "Magisk Documentation"). If you don't have Magisk installed, you can find installation instructions in [the documentation](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Magisk/ "Magisk Documentation"). If you use an official Android version and plan to upgrade it, Magisk provides a [tutorial on GitHub](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Magisk/ota.html "OTA Installation").

> Furthermore, developers can use the power of Magisk to create custom modules and [submit](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/submission "Submission") them to the official [Magisk Modules repository](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo "Magisk-Modules-Repo"). Submitted modules can then be installed inside the Magisk Manager application. One of these installable modules is a systemless version of the famous Xposed Framework (available for SDK versions up to 27).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, developers can use the power of Magisk to create custom modules and [submit](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/submission "Submission") them to the official [Magisk Modules repository](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo "Magisk-Modules-Repo"). Submitted modules can then be installed inside the Magisk Manager application. One of these installable modules is a systemless version of the famous [Xposed Framework](0x08a-Testing-Tools.md#xposed) (available for SDK versions up to 27).
```
